chore(Exp): Add AWS EC2 terminate experiment (#189)
litmuschaos/litmus-go: experiments/kube-aws/ec2-terminate/README.md

## Experiment Metadata

<table>
<tr>
<th> Name </th>
<th> Description </th>
<th> Documentation Link </th>
</tr>
<tr>
 <td> EC2 Terminate </td>

>  <td> This experiment causes the EC2 instance to get in stopped state and again back to running state for a certain timeout duration.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <td> This experiment causes termination of an EC2 instance before bringing it back to running state after the specified chaos duration.</td>
```
